.TH EFW\-DOWNLOADER 1 "20 Aug 2020" "alsa\-tools"

.SH NAME
efw\-downloader \- operate on-board flash memory for Fireworks board module

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B efw-downloader
.I subcommand
.I options ...

subcommand =
.B device
|
.B file

options = ( depends on
.I subcommand
)

.SH DESCRIPTION

The
.B efw-downloader
is a command\-line tool to operate on-board flash memory for Fireworks board
module by Fireworks protocol.

.SH SUBCOMMAND

.SS device
Operate on-board flash memory by Fireworks protocol.

.SS file
Operate firmware files.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS For device subcommand

.B efw-downloader device
.I path
.I operation
.I arguments

.TP
.B path
The path to special file for firewire character device corresponding to
node of Fireworks board module.

.TP
.B operation
One of
.I read
, and
.I help
operations.

.TP
.B arguments for read operation

.B efw-downloader device
.I path
read
.I offset
.I size
[
.I --debug
|
.I --help
|
.I -h
]

The
.I offset
argument is the hexadecimal number of offset on flash memory.

The
.I size
argument is
the hexadecimal number of size to read, aligned to quadlet automatically.

The optional
.I --debug
argument is to enable debug output for Fireworks protocol.

The optional
.I --help
and
.I -h
arguments are for help message.

.TP
.B arguments for help operation

.B efw-downloader device
.I path
help

The help operation have no arguments.

.SS For file subcommand

.B efw-downloader file
.I filepath
.I operation
.I arguments

.TP
.B filepath
The path to file of firmware blob included in driver package shipped by vendors.

.TP
.B operation
One of
.I parse
, and
.I help
operations.

.TP
.B arguments for parse operation

.B efw-downloader file
.I filepath
.I parse
[
.I --help
|
.I -h
]

The
.I --help
and
.I -h
argument is for help message.

.TP
.B arguments for help operation

.B efw-downloder file
.I filepath
.I help

The help operation have no arguments.

.SH EXIT_STATUS

.I EXIT_SUCCESS
(0) if run time successfully finished, else
.I EXIT_FAILURE
(1).

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report any bugs to mailing list in ALSA community
<alsa\-devel@alsa\-project.org> where the development and maintenance is
primarily discussed. Bug tracking service of alsa\-tools repository on
github.com is also available.

.SH AUTHOR
Takashi Sakamoto <o\-takashi@sakamocchi.jp>
